When I started working on this it was in Blender; a modeling program, and I wanted to make a realistic cat spinning in space floating above Earth, but there was a problem, I did not know how to use Blender, my solution was... Use Unity, Yes, I decided just to use Unity instead, but after switching to Unity, I could not find a cat model on SketchFab; so I used Maxwell the Spinning Cat, it was all I could think of. After that, I make a poorly made skybox and added Maxwell a Earth texture I put on a sphere that took 1 minute to find and then I found the Maxwell theme packed with the Maxwell model so I added that too. I did not want to lose all my work so I compiled it (That is where Unnamed build 1 came from) I soon was thinking if this was in Unity, I could make a Title screen to make it not seen like you got thrown in the second you open it. So, I started working on a title screen as I worked on it I compiled some testing builds (possibly a b0.7x build and b0.8x x builds). Soon, I added echoing music to make it "More space-like" but I did not think that sound waves needed things to bounce off and space has none. Later, I moved the "Exit?" button so make it fit better on a 1920 x 1080 monitor but then changed it back soon. After that I was looking around in the scene and was thinking "This looks pretty dark" so I started watching a video, but I cannot remember what it was on but the Global Illumination was what I modified and the game became brighter... after the graphics baked for over a day. Then, when it finished I tried to compile it but an error was given about the css of a file called "speed.css" and at the time I did not know what to do to I just copied the project then I figured it out on the copy and compiled it but there already was enough changes and it was not B0.96 but it was Pre-1.0 I then compiled Pre-1.0 and realized it said "Development Build" and copied the project again and made it for the release and Compiled 1.0. Soon, I came back to it after a while and was thinking "This text is still the default Unity style text" so I changed it to my favorite font, Comfortaa, I changed the font and the buttons too, and made a nice transition to when you click the play button so it looks less boring, Finally I fixed the two things bothering me the most, the non-fully transparent whiskers and a bug where Maxwell would light up really bright on one side only on older hardware for some reason.
